>01  How to Build a Perfect Team    
02  The War on Meetings    
03  The Case for Blind Hiring  
04  Failure to Lunch  
05  The 'Good Jobs' Gamble  
06  Rethinking the Work-Life Equation  
07  The Rise of White-Collar Automation  
08  The Post-Cubicle Office  

>The New Dream Jobs  Yet many of today’s most valuable firms have come to realize that   
analyzing and improving individual workers ­— a practice known as ‘‘employee performance   
optimization’’ — isn’t enough. As commerce becomes increasingly global and complex,   
the bulk of modern work is more and more team-based.   

>Imagine you have been invited to join one of two groups.  
Team A is composed of people who are all exceptionally smart and successful. When you watch a video  
of this group working, you see professionals who wait until a topic arises in which they are expert,  
and then they speak at length, explaining what the group ought to do. When someone makes a side comment,   
the speaker stops, reminds everyone of the agenda and pushes the meeting back on track. This team is  
efficient. There is no idle chitchat or long debates. The meeting ends as scheduled and disbands so   
everyone can get back to their desks.  

>Team B is different. It’s evenly divided between successful executives and middle managers with   
few professional accomplishments. Teammates jump in and out of discussions. People interject and   
complete one another’s thoughts. When a team member abruptly changes the topic, the rest of the  
group follows him off the agenda. At the end of the meeting, the meeting doesn’t actually end:   
Everyone sits around to gossip and talk about their lives.  

>Which group would you rather join?  
In 2008, a group of psychologists from Carnegie Mellon, M.I.T. and Union College began to try to  
answer a question very much like this one. ‘‘Over the past century, psychologists made considerable   
progress in defining and systematically measuring intelligence in individuals,’’ the researchers    
wrote in the journal Science in 2010.  
